---
title: Planificar los requisitos de red para Skype Empresarial 2015
ms.author: jambirk
author: jambirk
manager: serdars
ms.date: 2/15/2018
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: skype-for-business-itpro
localization_priority: Normal
ms.collection: IT_Skype16
ms.custom: Strat_SB_Admin
ms.assetid: 35c7bb3f-8e0f-48b7-8a2c-857d4b42a4c4
description: 'Summary: Review the network component considerations below before implementing Skype for Business Server 2015.'
ms.openlocfilehash: 3d3fd2141da93a9b0b866fe44e2ed8dee6942f3b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 7d819bc9eb63bfd85f5dada09f1b8e5354c56f6b
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 03/28/2018
---
# <a name="plan-network-requirements-for-skype-for-business-2015"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-103">Planificar los requisitos de red para Skype Empresarial 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-103">Plan network requirements for Skype for Business 2015</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-104">**Summary:** Review the network component considerations below before implementing Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-104">**Summary:** Review the network component considerations below before implementing Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-105">The information in these topics is also discussed in the whitepaper [Network Planning, Monitoring, and Troubleshooting with Lync Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=39084) with additional details and depth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-105">The information in these topics is also discussed in the whitepaper [Network Planning, Monitoring, and Troubleshooting with Lync Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=39084) with additional details and depth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-106">While the content refers explicitly to Lync 2010 and Lync 2013, the considerations for Skype for Business Server 2015 are unchanged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-106">While the content refers explicitly to Lync 2010 and Lync 2013, the considerations for Skype for Business Server 2015 are unchanged.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-107">Likewise, if your network involves wi-fi as well as wired access, the whitepaper [Delivering Lync 2013 Real-Time Communications over Wi-Fi](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=36494) is a good reference and is equally applicable to Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-107">Likewise, if your network involves wi-fi as well as wired access, the whitepaper [Delivering Lync 2013 Real-Time Communications over Wi-Fi](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=36494) is a good reference and is equally applicable to Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-108">Network performance and needs are directly linked to the traffic load placed on them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-108">Network performance and needs are directly linked to the traffic load placed on them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-109">When planning your network and server implementations we recommend making use of the [Skype for Business Server 2015 Planning Tool](../../management-tools/planning-tool/planning-tool.md), the [Skype for Business Server 2015 Capacity Planning Calculator](../../management-tools/capacity-planning-calculator.md), and the [Skype for Business Server 2015 Stress and Performance Tool](../../management-tools/stress-and-performance-tool/stress-and-performance-tool.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-109">When planning your network and server implementations we recommend making use of the [Skype for Business Server 2015 Planning Tool](../../management-tools/planning-tool/planning-tool.md), the [Skype for Business Server 2015 Capacity Planning Calculator](../../management-tools/capacity-planning-calculator.md), and the [Skype for Business Server 2015 Stress and Performance Tool](../../management-tools/stress-and-performance-tool/stress-and-performance-tool.md).</span></span>
  
## <a name="server-hardware"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-110">Hardware de servidor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-110">Server hardware</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-111"><a name="S_hard"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-111"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-112">The network adapter of each server in the Skype for Business Server topology must support at least 1 gigabit per second (Gbps).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-112">The network adapter of each server in the Skype for Business Server topology must support at least 1 gigabit per second (Gbps).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-113">In general, you should connect all server roles within the Skype for Business Server topology using a low latency and high bandwidth local area network (LAN).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-113">In general, you should connect all server roles within the Skype for Business Server topology using a low latency and high bandwidth local area network (LAN).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-114">El tamaño de la LAN depende del tamaño de la topología:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-114">The size of the LAN depends on the size of the topology:</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-115">In Standard Edition topologies, servers should be in a network that supports 1 Gbps Ethernet or equivalent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-115">In Standard Edition topologies, servers should be in a network that supports 1 Gbps Ethernet or equivalent.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-116">In Enterprise Edition topologies, most servers should be in a network that supports more than 1 Gbps, especially when supporting audio/video (A/V) conferencing and application sharing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-116">In Enterprise Edition topologies, most servers should be in a network that supports more than 1 Gbps, especially when supporting audio/video (A/V) conferencing and application sharing.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-117">Para la integración de la red telefónica conmutada (RTC), puede usar líneas T1/E1 o enlaces troncales SIP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-117">For public switched telephone network (PSTN) integration, you can integrate by using either T1/E1 lines or SIP trunking.</span></span>
  
## <a name="audiovideo-network-requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-118">Requisitos de red para el audio y vídeo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-118">Audio/Video network requirements</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-119"><a name="AV_req"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-119"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-120">Network requirements for audio/video (A/V) in a Skype for Business Server deployment include the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-120">Network requirements for audio/video (A/V) in a Skype for Business Server deployment include the following:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-121">If you are deploying a single Edge Server or an Edge pool using DNS load balancing, you can configure the  _external_ firewall to perform network address translation (NAT).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-121">If you are deploying a single Edge Server or an Edge pool using DNS load balancing, you can configure the  _external_ firewall to perform network address translation (NAT).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-122">You can't configure the _internal_ firewall to perform NAT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-122">You can't configure the _internal_ firewall to perform NAT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-123">For details, see [Determining Firewall and 50k Port Range Requirements](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/3b849dc7-175d-40d1-820d-80e6ade6d332.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-123">For details, see [Determining Firewall and 50k Port Range Requirements](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/3b849dc7-175d-40d1-820d-80e6ade6d332.aspx).</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-124">If you have an Edge pool and are using a hardware load balancer, you must use public IP addresses on the Edge Servers and you can't use NAT for the servers or the pool at your NAT-capable device (for example, a firewall appliance or LAN switch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-124">If you have an Edge pool and are using a hardware load balancer, you must use public IP addresses on the Edge Servers and you can't use NAT for the servers or the pool at your NAT-capable device (for example, a firewall appliance or LAN switch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-125">For details, see [Port Summary - Scaled Consolidated Edge with Hardware Load Balancers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/91213b1e-f875-464b-83e8-fe3a351595a4.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-125">For details, see [Port Summary - Scaled Consolidated Edge with Hardware Load Balancers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/91213b1e-f875-464b-83e8-fe3a351595a4.aspx).</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-126">Si la organización usa una infraestructura QoS (Calidad de servicio), el subsistema de medios estará diseñado de modo que funcione con esta infraestructura existente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-126">If your organization uses a Quality of Service (QoS) infrastructure, the media subsystem is designed to work within this existing infrastructure.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-127">Si usa el protocolo de seguridad de Internet (IPsec), recomendamos deshabilitar IPsec en los intervalos de puertos usados para el tráfico de audio y vídeo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-127">If you use Internet Protocol security (IPsec), we recommend disabling IPsec over the port ranges used for A/V traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-128">For details, see [IPsec Exceptions](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/241f1eca-6f2f-44de-90b1-2cb659cbe27c.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-128">For details, see [IPsec Exceptions](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/241f1eca-6f2f-44de-90b1-2cb659cbe27c.aspx).</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-129">Para proporcionar una calidad óptima de los medios, siga este procedimiento:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-129">To provide optimal media quality, do the following:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-130">Aprovisione los vínculos de red para admitir un rendimiento de 65 kilobits por segundo (Kbps) por secuencia de audio y 500 Kbps por secuencia de vídeo (en caso de estar habilitados) durante los períodos de uso máximo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-130">Provision the network links to support throughput of 65 kilobits per second (Kbps) per audio stream and 500 Kbps per video stream, if they are enabled, during peak usage periods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-131">Una sesión bidireccional de audio o de vídeo usa dos secuencias, por lo que una conexión de audio o de vídeo necesitará 130 Kbps para cubrir cada secuencia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-131">A two-way audio or video session uses two streams, so a simple audio/phone connection will require 130Kbps to cover each stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-132">Video will likewise use 1000 Kbps total to carry an upstream and downstream connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-132">Video will likewise use 1000 Kbps total to carry an upstream and downstream connection.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-133">To cope with unexpected spikes in traffic and increased usage over time, Skype for Business Server media endpoints can adapt to varying network conditions and support three times the throughput for audio and video while still maintaining acceptable quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-133">To cope with unexpected spikes in traffic and increased usage over time, Skype for Business Server media endpoints can adapt to varying network conditions and support three times the throughput for audio and video while still maintaining acceptable quality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-134">Pero, no se puede dar por sentado que esta capacidad de adaptación enmascarará el problema cuando una red esté mal aprovisionada.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-134">Do not assume that this adaptability will mask the problem when a network is under-provisioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-135">In an under-provisioned network, the ability of the Skype for Business Server media endpoints to dynamically deal with varying network conditions (for example, temporary high packet loss) is reduced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-135">In an under-provisioned network, the ability of the Skype for Business Server media endpoints to dynamically deal with varying network conditions (for example, temporary high packet loss) is reduced.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-136">En el caso de los vínculos de red en los que el aprovisionamiento resulta muy costoso y difícil, puede que se vea obligado a considerar un aprovisionamiento para un volumen de tráfico menor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-136">For network links where provisioning is very costly and difficult, you may have to consider provisioning for a lower volume of traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-137">In this scenario, let the elasticity of the Skype for Business Server media endpoints absorb the difference between the traffic volume and the peak traffic level, at the cost of some reduction in the voice quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-137">In this scenario, let the elasticity of the Skype for Business Server media endpoints absorb the difference between the traffic volume and the peak traffic level, at the cost of some reduction in the voice quality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-138">También habrá una disminución en el margen que normalmente está disponible para absorber los picos de tráfico repentinos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-138">Also, there will be a decrease in the headroom otherwise available to absorb sudden peaks in traffic.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-139">En el caso de los vínculos que no se pueden aprovisionar correctamente a corto plazo (por ejemplo, un sitio con vínculos WAN de muy poca calidad), considere la posibilidad de deshabilitar el vídeo para algunos usuarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-139">For links that cannot be provisioned correctly in the short term (for example, a site that uses very poor WAN links), consider disabling video for certain users.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-140">Aprovisione la red para asegurar un retraso máximo de un extremo a otro (latencia) de 150 milisegundos (ms) con carga máxima.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-140">Provision the network to guarantee a maximum end-to-end delay (latency) of 150 milliseconds (ms) under peak load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-141">Latency is the one network impairment that Skype for Business Server media components can't reduce, and it is important to find and eliminate the weak points.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-141">Latency is the one network impairment that Skype for Business Server media components can't reduce, and it is important to find and eliminate the weak points.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-142">For servers that are running antivirus software, include all servers that are running Skype for Business Server in the exception list to provide optimal performance and audio quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-142">For servers that are running antivirus software, include all servers that are running Skype for Business Server in the exception list to provide optimal performance and audio quality.</span></span> 
    
## <a name="conferencing-network-requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-143">Requisitos de red de la conferencia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-143">Conferencing network requirements</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-144"><a name="Conf_req"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-144"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-145">The bandwidth used to download conference content from the Internet Information Services (IIS) server depends on the size of the content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-145">The bandwidth used to download conference content from the Internet Information Services (IIS) server depends on the size of the content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-146">Puede optar por supervisar el uso real y ajustar la planeación del ancho de banda según convenga.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-146">You may choose to monitor the actual usage and adjust bandwidth planning accordingly.</span></span>
  
## <a name="network-bandwidth-requirements-for-media-traffic"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-147">Requisitos de ancho de banda de red para el tráfico multimedia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-147">Network bandwidth requirements for media traffic</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-148"><a name="Conf_req"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-148"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-149">An important part of network planning is ensuring that your network can handle the media traffic generated by Skype for Business Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-149">An important part of network planning is ensuring that your network can handle the media traffic generated by Skype for Business Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-150">Esta sección le ayudará a planear dicho tráfico multimedia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-150">This section helps you plan for that media traffic.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="media-traffic-network-usage"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-151">Uso de red de tráfico de medios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-151">Media traffic network usage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-152"><a name="Net_req"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-152"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-153">El uso del ancho de banda de tráfico multimedia puede resultar difícil de calcular por la cantidad de variables distintas, como el uso de códecs, la resolución y los niveles de actividad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-153">The media traffic bandwidth usage can be challenging to calculate because of the number of different variables, such as codec usage, resolution, and activity levels.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-154">El uso del ancho de banda es una función del códec usado y la actividad de la secuencia, y ambos pueden variar entre escenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-154">The bandwidth usage is a function of the codec that is used and the activity of the stream, which can vary between scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-155">The following table lists the audio codecs typically used in Skype for Business Server scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-155">The following table lists the audio codecs typically used in Skype for Business Server scenarios.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-156">**Audio codec bandwidth**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-156">**Audio codec bandwidth**</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-157">**Audio codec**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-157">**Audio codec**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-158">**Scenario**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-158">**Scenario**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-159">**Audio payload bit rate (KBPS)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-159">**Audio payload bit rate (KBPS)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-160">**Bandwidth audio payload and IP header only (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-160">**Bandwidth audio payload and IP header only (Kbps)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-161">**Bandwidth audio payload, IP header, UDP, RTP and SRTP (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-161">**Bandwidth audio payload, IP header, UDP, RTP and SRTP (Kbps)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-162">**Bandwidth audio payload, IP header, UDP, RTP, SRTP and forward error correction (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-162">**Bandwidth audio payload, IP header, UDP, RTP, SRTP and forward error correction (Kbps)**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-163">Banda ancha de RTAudio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-163">RTAudio Wideband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-164">Punto a punto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-164">Peer-to-peer</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-165">29.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-165">29.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-166">45.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-166">45.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-167">57.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-167">57.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-168">86.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-168">86.0</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-169">Banda estrecha de RTAudio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-169">RTAudio Narrowband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-170">Punto a punto, RTC</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-170">Peer-to-peer PSTN</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-171">11.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-171">11.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-172">27.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-172">27.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-173">39.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-173">39.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-174">51.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-174">51.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-175">G.722</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-175">G.722</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-176">Conferencia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-176">Conferencing</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-177">64.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-177">64.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-178">80.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-178">80.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-179">95.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-179">95.6</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-180">159.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-180">159.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-181">G.722 estéreo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-181">G.722 Stereo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-182">Punto a punto, conferencias</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-182">Peer-to-peer Conferencing</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-183">128.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-183">128.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-184">144.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-184">144.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-185">159.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-185">159.6</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-186">223.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-186">223.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-187">G.711</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-187">G.711</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-188">RTC, conferencias</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-188">PSTN, Conferencing</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-189">64.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-189">64.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-190">80.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-190">80.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-191">92.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-191">92.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-192">156.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-192">156.0</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-193">Siren</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-193">Siren</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-194">Conferencia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-194">Conferencing</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-195">16.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-195">16.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-196">32.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-196">32.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-197">47.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-197">47.6</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-198">63.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-198">63.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-199">Banda ancha SILK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-199">SILK Wideband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-200">Punto a punto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-200">Peer-to-peer</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-201">36.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-201">36.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-202">52.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-202">52.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-203">64.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-203">64.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-204">100.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-204">100.0</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-205">Banda ancha SILK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-205">SILK Wideband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-206">Punto a punto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-206">Peer-to-peer</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-207">26.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-207">26.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-208">42.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-208">42.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-209">54.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-209">54.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-210">80.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-210">80.0</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-211">Banda ancha SILK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-211">SILK Wideband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-212">Punto a punto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-212">Peer-to-peer</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-213">20.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-213">20.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-214">36.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-214">36.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-215">48.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-215">48.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-216">68.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-216">68.0</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-217">SILK wideband/narrowband</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-217">SILK wideband/narrowband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-218">Punto a punto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-218">Peer-to-peer</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-219">13.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-219">13.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-220">29.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-220">29.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-221">41.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-221">41.0</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-222">54.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-222">54.0</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p114">Las cantidades del ancho de banda de la tabla anterior se basan en los paquetes de 20 ms (50 paquetes por segundo) y para los códecs Siren y G.722 se incluyen las sobrecargas adicionales del protocolo de transporte seguro en tiempo real (SRTP) de los escenarios de conferencia y asumen que la secuencia está 100 % activa. La corrección de error de reenvío (FEC) se utiliza de forma dinámica cuando existe una pérdida de paquetes en el vínculo para ayudar a mantener la calidad de la secuencia de audio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p114">The bandwidth numbers in the previous table are based on 20ms packetization (50 packets per second) and for the Siren and G.722 codecs include the additional secure real-time transport protocol (SRTP) overhead from conferencing scenarios and assume the stream is 100% active. Forward Error Correction (FEC) is used dynamically when there is packet loss on the link to help maintain the quality of the audio stream.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-225">La versión estéreo del códec G.722 se utiliza en los sistemas basados en el sistema de la Sala de reuniones de Lync, que utiliza un micrófono estéreo o un par de micrófonos mono para permitir que los oyentes puedan distinguir mejor a varios hablantes en la sala de reuniones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-225">The stereo version of the G.722 codec is used by systems that are based on the Lync Room System, which uses a single stereo microphone or a pair of mono microphones to allow listeners to better distinguish multiple speakers in the meeting room.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-226">**Video Resolution Bandwidth**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-226">**Video Resolution Bandwidth**</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-227">**Video codec**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-227">**Video codec**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-228">**Resolution and aspect ratio**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-228">**Resolution and aspect ratio**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-229">**Maximum video payload bit rate (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-229">**Maximum video payload bit rate (Kbps)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-230">**Minimum video payload bit rate (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-230">**Minimum video payload bit rate (Kbps)**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-231">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-231">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-232">320 x 180 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-232">320x180 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-233">212 x 160 (4:3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-233">212x160 (4:3)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-234">250</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-234">250</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-235">15</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-235">15</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-236">H.264/RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-236">H.264/RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-237">424 x 240 (16:9))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-237">424x240 (16:9))</span></span>  <br/> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-238">320 x 240 (4:3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-238">320x240 (4:3</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-239">350</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-239">350</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-240">100</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-240">100</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-241">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-241">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-242">480 x 270 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-242">480x270 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-243">424 x 320 (4:3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-243">424x320 (4:3)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-244">450</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-244">450</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-245">200</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-245">200</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-246">H.264/RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-246">H.264/RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-247">640 x 360 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-247">640x360 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-248">640 x 480 (4:3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-248">640x480 (4:3)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-249">800</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-249">800</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-250">300</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-250">300</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-251">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-251">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-252">848 x 480 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-252">848x480 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-253">1500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-253">1500</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-254">400</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-254">400</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-255">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-255">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-256">960 x 540 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-256">960x540 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-257">2000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-257">2000</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-258">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-258">500</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-259">H.264/RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-259">H.264/RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-260">1280 x 720 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-260">1280x720 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-261">2500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-261">2500</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-262">700</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-262">700</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-263">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-263">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-264">1920 x 1080 (16:9)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-264">1920x1080 (16:9)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-265">4000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-265">4000</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-266">1500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-266">1500</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-267">H.264/RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-267">H.264/RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-268">960 x 144 (20:3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-268">960x144 (20:3)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-269">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-269">500</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-270">15</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-270">15</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-271">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-271">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-272">1280 x 192 (20:3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-272">1280x192 (20:3)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-273">1000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-273">1000</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-274">250</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-274">250</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-275">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-275">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-276">1920 x 288 (20:3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-276">1920x288 (20:3)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-277">2000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-277">2000</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-278">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-278">500</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-279">Para el vídeo, el códec predeterminado es el estándar de codificación de vídeo avanzado H.264/MPEG-4 Parte 10, junto con sus extensiones de codificación de vídeo escalable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-279">The default codec for video is the H.264/MPEG-4 Part 10 Advanced Video Coding standard, together with its scalable video coding extensions for temporal scalability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-280">To maintain interoperability with legacy clients, the RTVideo codec is still used for peer-to-peer calls between Skype for Business Server and legacy clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-280">To maintain interoperability with legacy clients, the RTVideo codec is still used for peer-to-peer calls between Skype for Business Server and legacy clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-281">In conference sessions with both Skype for Business Server and legacy clients the Skype for Business Server endpoint may encode the video using both video codecs and send the H.264 bitstream to the Skype for Business Server clients and the RTVideo bitstream to legacy clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-281">In conference sessions with both Skype for Business Server and legacy clients the Skype for Business Server endpoint may encode the video using both video codecs and send the H.264 bitstream to the Skype for Business Server clients and the RTVideo bitstream to legacy clients.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p116">El ancho de banda necesario depende de la resolución, la calidad, la velocidad de fotogramas y los movimientos o cambios de la imagen. Para cada resolución existen dos secuencias de bits interesantes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p116">The bandwidth required depends on the resolution, quality, frame rate, and the amount of motion or change in the picture. For each resolution, there are two pertinent bit rates:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-284">**Maximum payload bit rate** This is the bit rate that an endpoint will use for resolution at the maximum frame rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-284">**Maximum payload bit rate** This is the bit rate that an endpoint will use for resolution at the maximum frame rate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-285">Es el valor que permite la máxima calidad de vídeo y de sonido.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-285">This is the value that allows the highest video and sound quality.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-286">**Minimum payload bit rate** This is the bit rate below which a Skype for Business Server endpoint will switch to the next lower resolution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-286">**Minimum payload bit rate** This is the bit rate below which a Skype for Business Server endpoint will switch to the next lower resolution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-287">Para garantizar una determinada resolución, la velocidad de bits de carga de vídeo disponible no tiene que ser menor que esta velocidad de bits mínima para dicha resolución.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-287">To guarantee a certain resolution, the available video payload bit rate must not fall below this minimum bit rate for that resolution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-288">Este valor le ayuda a comprender el valor mínimo posible en los casos en los que la velocidad de bits máxima no está disponible o no resulta práctica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-288">This value is helps you understand the lowest value possible if the maximum bit rate is not available or practical.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-289">Para algunos usuarios, esta baja velocidad de bits de vídeo puede considerarse una experiencia de vídeo no aceptable, por lo que aconsejamos precaución al considerar estas velocidades de bits mínimas de vídeo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-289">For some users, such a low bit rate video might provide an unacceptable video experience so use caution with these minimum video payload bitrates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-290">Tenga en cuenta que en las escenas de vídeo estáticas o invariables, la velocidad de bits real puede descender temporalmente por debajo de la velocidad de bits mínima.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-290">Note that for static, unchanging video scenes the actual bit rate may temporarily fall below the minimum bit rate.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-291">Skype for Business Server supports many resolutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-291">Skype for Business Server supports many resolutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-292">This allows Skype for Business Server to adjust to different network bandwidth and receiving client capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-292">This allows Skype for Business Server to adjust to different network bandwidth and receiving client capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-293">The default aspect ratio for Skype for Business Server is 16:9.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-293">The default aspect ratio for Skype for Business Server is 16:9.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-294">The legacy 4:3 aspect ratio is still supported for webcams which don't allow capture in the 16:9 aspect ratio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-294">The legacy 4:3 aspect ratio is still supported for webcams which don't allow capture in the 16:9 aspect ratio.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-295">La FEC de vídeo siempre se incluye en la velocidad de bits de carga de vídeo cuando se usa para que no existan valores independientes con la FEC de vídeo y sin esta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-295">Video FEC is always included in the video payload bit rate when it is used so there are no separate values for with video FEC and without video FEC.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p120">Los extremos no hacen fluir los paquetes de audio y vídeo continuamente. Dependiendo del escenario existen varios niveles de actividades de secuencia que indican la frecuencia con los que los paquetes se envían a una secuencia. La actividad de una secuencia depende de los medios y el escenario, y no depende del códec que se utiliza. En un escenario entre pares:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p120">Endpoints do not stream audio or video packets continuously. Depending on the scenario there are different levels of stream activity which indicate how often packets are sent for a stream. The activity of a stream depends on the media and the scenario, and does not depend on the codec being used. In a peer-to-peer scenario:</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-300">Los extremos solo envían secuencias de audio cuando los usuarios hablan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-300">Endpoints only send audio streams when the users speak.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-301">Ambos participantes reciben secuencias de audio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-301">Both participants receive audio streams.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-302">Si se utiliza el vídeo, ambos extremos envían y reciben secuencias de vídeo durante la llamada.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-302">If video is used, both endpoints send and receive video streams during the call.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-303">Para las escenas de vídeo estáticas, la velocidad de bits real puede llegar a ser considerablemente lenta de forma temporal, ya que el códec de vídeo omitirá la codificación de las regiones del vídeo sin cambios desde la muestra anterior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-303">For static video scenes the actual bit rate may temporarily be very low as the video codec will skip encoding regions of the video without a change since the prior sample.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-304">En un escenario de conferencias:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-304">In a conferencing scenario:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-305">Los extremos envían secuencias de audio solo cuando los usuarios hablan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-305">Endpoints send audio streams only when the users speak.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-306">Todos los participantes reciben secuencias de audio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-306">All participants receive audio streams.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-307">Si se utiliza el vídeo, los participantes pueden recibir hasta cinco secuencias de vídeo de recepción y una panorámica (por ejemplo, con una relación de aspecto de 20:3).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-307">If video is used, all participants can receive up to five receive video streams and one panoramic (for example, aspect ratio 20:3) video stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-308">De forma predeterminada, las cinco secuencias de vídeo de recepción se basan en el historial de hablantes activos, pero los usuarios también pueden seleccionar de forma manual los participantes de los que desean recibir una secuencia de vídeo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-308">By default the five receive video streams are based on active speaker history but users can also manually select the participants from which they want to receive a video stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-309">Si el multivídeo está habilitado, los requisitos de resolución y de ancho de banda de cada secuencia de vídeo serán menores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-309">If multi-video is enabled, the resolution and bandwidth requirement for each of the video streams will be lower.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-310">Each participant that turns on the user's send video stream will send one or more video streams.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-310">Each participant that turns on the user's send video stream will send one or more video streams.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-311">Skype for Business Server has the capability of sending up to five video streams to optimize the video quality for all the receiving clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-311">Skype for Business Server has the capability of sending up to five video streams to optimize the video quality for all the receiving clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-312">La cantidad real de secuencias de vídeo que se envía automáticamente está determinado por quien envía, según la capacidad de la CPU, ancho de banda ascendente disponible y la cantidad de recibir clientes que solicitan cierta secuencia de vídeo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-312">The actual number of video streams being sent is determined by the sender based on CPU capability, available uplink bandwidth, and the number of receiving clients requesting a certain video stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-313">El caso más común es el de H.264 y una secuencia de vídeo de RTVideo se envían en caso de que un cliente heredado se una a la conferencia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-313">The most common case is that one H.264 and one RTVideo video stream are being sent in case a legacy client joins the conference.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-314">Otro escenario común es que varias secuencias de vídeo H.264 (por ejemplo, con resoluciones de vídeo diferente) se envían para acomodar diferentes solicitudes de receptor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-314">Another common scenario is that several H.264 video streams (for example, with different video resolutions) are sent to accommodate different receiver requests.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p123">Además del ancho de banda necesario para el tráfico del protocolo de transporte seguro en tiempo real (RTP) para los medios de audio o vídeo, el ancho de banda es necesario para el protocolo de control de transporte en tiempo real (RTCP). El RTCP se utiliza para informar de estadísticas y del control fuera de banda de la secuencia RTP. Para la planificación, use los números del ancho de banda de la tabla siguiente para el tráfico RTCP. Estos valores representan el ancho de banda máximo usado para RTCP y difieren entre las secuencias de audio y vídeo por las diferencias en los datos de control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p123">In addition to the bandwidth required for the real-time transport protocol (RTP) traffic for audio and video media, bandwidth is required for real-time transport control protocol (RTCP). RTCP is used for reporting statistics and out-of-band control of the RTP stream. For planning, use the bandwidth numbers in the following table for RTCP traffic. These values represent the maximum bandwidth used for RTCP and are different for audio and video streams because of differences in the control data</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-319">**RTCP Bandwidth**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-319">**RTCP Bandwidth**</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-320">**Media**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-320">**Media**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-321">**RTCP maximum bandwidth (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-321">**RTCP maximum bandwidth (Kbps)**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-322">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-322">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-323">5</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-323">5</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-324">Vídeo (solo se envía/recibe H.264 o RTVideo)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-324">Video (Only H.264 or RTVideo being sent/received)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-325">10</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-325">10</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-326">Vídeo (se envía/recibe H.264 y RTVideo)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-326">Video (H.264 and RTVideo being sent/received)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-327">15</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-327">15</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-328">Para la planeación de la capacidad, las dos estadísticas siguientes son de interés:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-328">For capacity planning, the following two statistics are of interest:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-329">**Maximum bandwidth without FEC** The maximum bandwidth that a stream will consume.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-329">**Maximum bandwidth without FEC** The maximum bandwidth that a stream will consume.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-330">This includes the typical activity of the stream and the typical codec that is used in the scenario without FEC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-330">This includes the typical activity of the stream and the typical codec that is used in the scenario without FEC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-331">This is the bandwidth when the stream is at 100% activity and there is no packet loss triggering the use of FEC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-331">This is the bandwidth when the stream is at 100% activity and there is no packet loss triggering the use of FEC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-332">This is useful for computing how much bandwidth must be allocated to allow the codec to be used in a given scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-332">This is useful for computing how much bandwidth must be allocated to allow the codec to be used in a given scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-333">FEC is not expected to be a requirement on a managed network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-333">FEC is not expected to be a requirement on a managed network.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-334">**Maximum bandwidth with FEC** The maximum bandwidth that a stream consumes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-334">**Maximum bandwidth with FEC** The maximum bandwidth that a stream consumes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-335">This includes the typical activity of the stream and the typical codec that is used in the scenario with FEC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-335">This includes the typical activity of the stream and the typical codec that is used in the scenario with FEC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-336">This is the bandwidth when the stream is at 100% activity and there is packet loss triggering the use of FEC to improve quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-336">This is the bandwidth when the stream is at 100% activity and there is packet loss triggering the use of FEC to improve quality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-337">This is useful for computing how much bandwidth must be allocated to allow the codec to be used in a given scenario and allow the use of FEC to preserve quality under packet-loss conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-337">This is useful for computing how much bandwidth must be allocated to allow the codec to be used in a given scenario and allow the use of FEC to preserve quality under packet-loss conditions.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-338">The following tables also list an additional bandwidth value, **Typical bandwidth**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-338">The following tables also list an additional bandwidth value, **Typical bandwidth**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-339">This is the average bandwidth that a stream consumes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-339">This is the average bandwidth that a stream consumes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-340">This includes the typical activity of the stream and the typical codec that is used in the scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-340">This includes the typical activity of the stream and the typical codec that is used in the scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-341">This bandwidth can be used for approximating how much bandwidth is being consumed by media traffic at a specific time, but should not be used for capacity planning, because individual calls will exceed this value when the activity level is greater than average.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-341">This bandwidth can be used for approximating how much bandwidth is being consumed by media traffic at a specific time, but should not be used for capacity planning, because individual calls will exceed this value when the activity level is greater than average.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-342">The typical video stream bandwidth in the tables below is based on a mix of different video resolutions as observed in measured customer data, and smaller installations are likely to have actual numbers that differ from the table data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-342">The typical video stream bandwidth in the tables below is based on a mix of different video resolutions as observed in measured customer data, and smaller installations are likely to have actual numbers that differ from the table data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-343">For example, in peer-to-peer sessions most users would use the default video render window whereas some percentage of users would increase or maximize the Skype for Business Server application to allow better video resolutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-343">For example, in peer-to-peer sessions most users would use the default video render window whereas some percentage of users would increase or maximize the Skype for Business Server application to allow better video resolutions.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-344">En las siguientes tablas se proporcionan los valores para los distintos escenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-344">The following tables provide values for the various scenarios.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-345">**Audio/Video Capacity Planning for Peer-to-Peer Sessions**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-345">**Audio/Video Capacity Planning for Peer-to-Peer Sessions**</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-346">**Media**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-346">**Media**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-347">**Codec**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-347">**Codec**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-348">**Typical stream bandwidth (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-348">**Typical stream bandwidth (Kbps)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-349">**Maximum stream bandwidth without FEC**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-349">**Maximum stream bandwidth without FEC**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-350">**Maximum stream bandwidth with FEC**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-350">**Maximum stream bandwidth with FEC**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-351">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-351">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-352">Banda ancha de RTAudio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-352">RTAudio Wideband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-353">39.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-353">39.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-354">62</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-354">62</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-355">91</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-355">91</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-356">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-356">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-357">Banda estrecha de RTAudio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-357">RTAudio Narrowband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-358">29.3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-358">29.3</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-359">44.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-359">44.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-360">56.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-360">56.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-361">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-361">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-362">Banda ancha SILK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-362">SILK Wideband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-363">44.3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-363">44.3</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-364">69</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-364">69</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-365">105</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-365">105</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-366">Main video when calling Skype for Business Server endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-366">Main video when calling Skype for Business Server endpoints</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-367">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-367">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-368">460</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-368">460</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-369">4010 (para una resolución máxima de 1920 x 1080)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-369">4010 (for maximum resolution of 1920x1080)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-370">Ya incluido</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-370">Already included</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-371">Main video when calling Lync 2010 or Office Communicator 2007 R2 endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-371">Main video when calling Lync 2010 or Office Communicator 2007 R2 endpoints</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-372">RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-372">RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-373">460</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-373">460</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-374">2510 (para una resolución máxima de 1920 x 720)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-374">2510 (for maximum resolution of 1280x720)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-375">Ya incluido</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-375">Already included</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-376">Panoramic video when calling Skype for Business Server endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-376">Panoramic video when calling Skype for Business Server endpoints</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-377">H.264</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-377">H.264</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-378">190</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-378">190</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-379">2010 (para una resolución máxima de 1920 x 288)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-379">2010 (for maximum resolution of 1920x288)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-380">Ya incluido</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-380">Already included</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-381">Panoramic video when calling Lync 2010 endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-381">Panoramic video when calling Lync 2010 endpoints</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-382">RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-382">RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-383">190</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-383">190</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-384">510 (para una resolución máxima de 1920 x 144)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-384">510 (for maximum resolution of 960x144)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-385">Ya incluido</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-385">Already included</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-386">**Audio/Video Capacity Planning for Conferences**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-386">**Audio/Video Capacity Planning for Conferences**</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-387">**Media**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-387">**Media**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-388">**Typical codec**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-388">**Typical codec**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-389">**Typical stream bandwidth (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-389">**Typical stream bandwidth (Kbps)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-390">**Maximum stream bandwidth without FEC**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-390">**Maximum stream bandwidth without FEC**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-391">**Maximum stream bandwidth with FEC**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-391">**Maximum stream bandwidth with FEC**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-392">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-392">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-393">G.722</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-393">G.722</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-394">46.1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-394">46.1</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-395">100.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-395">100.6</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-396">164.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-396">164.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-397">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-397">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-398">Siren</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-398">Siren</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-399">25.5</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-399">25.5</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-400">52.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-400">52.6</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-401">68.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-401">68.6</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-402">Recepción principal de vídeo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-402">Main video receive</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-403">H.264 y RTVideo¹</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-403">H.264 and RTVideo¹</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-404">260</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-404">260</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-405">8015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-405">8015</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-406">No aplicable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-406">Not applicable</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-407">Envío principal de vídeo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-407">Main video send</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-408">H.264 y RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-408">H.264 and RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-409">270</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-409">270</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-410">8015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-410">8015</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-411">No aplicable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-411">Not applicable</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-412">Recepción de vídeo panorámico</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-412">Panoramic video receive</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-413">H.264 y RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-413">H.264 and RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-414">190</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-414">190</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-415">2010 (para una resolución máxima de 1920 x 288)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-415">2010 (for maximum resolution of 1920x288)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-416">No aplicable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-416">Not applicable</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-417">Envío de vídeo panorámico</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-417">Panoramic video send</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-418">H.264 y RTVideo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-418">H.264 and RTVideo</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-419">190</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-419">190</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-420">2515 ²</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-420">2515 ²</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-421">No aplicable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-421">Not applicable</span></span>  <br/> |
   
1. <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-422">RT Video is sent in addition to H.264 when Lync 2010 clients are connected to the conference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-422">RT Video is sent in addition to H.264 when Lync 2010 clients are connected to the conference.</span></span>
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-423">If there are multiple streams, they dynamically share the allocated bandwidth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-423">If there are multiple streams, they dynamically share the allocated bandwidth.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p127">Para el vídeo principal, el ancho de banda de secuencia típico es el ancho de banda agregado sobre todas las secuencias de vídeo recibidas, mientras que la secuencia máxima es el ancho de banda sobre todas las secuencias de vídeo enviadas. Aun con varias secuencias de vídeo, el ancho de banda típico para vídeo es más pequeño que en el escenario punto a punto, ya que muchas conferencias de vídeo utilizan el uso compartido de contenidos, que hace que las ventanas de vídeo sean más pequeñas y, por lo tanto, las resoluciones de vídeo son inferiores. El ancho de banda máximo de carga de vídeo agregada compatible es de 8000 Kbps para las secuencias de envío y de recepción que se utilizarían (por ejemplo, si hay dos secuencias de vídeo entrantes de 1920 x 1080 p). Los valores máximos se ven con poca frecuencia en las implementaciones reales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p127">For the main video the typical stream bandwidth is the aggregated bandwidth over all received video streams and the maximum stream is the bandwidth over all send video streams. Even with multiple video streams the typical video bandwidth is smaller than in the peer-to-peer scenario because many video conferences are using content sharing that leads to much smaller video windows and therefore smaller video resolutions. The maximum supported aggregated video payload bandwidth is 8000 Kbps for both, send and receive streams which would be used (e.g. if there are two incoming 1920x1080p video streams). Maximum values are only rarely seen in actual implementations.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-428">When building out a multiparty conference that uses the gallery view feature, bandwidth utilization increases initially as participants join, then decreases as resolutions are dropped to fit within the maximum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-428">When building out a multiparty conference that uses the gallery view feature, bandwidth utilization increases initially as participants join, then decreases as resolutions are dropped to fit within the maximum.</span></span> 
  
||<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-429">**2 Participants**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-429">**2 Participants**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-430">**3 Participants**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-430">**3 Participants**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-431">**4 Participants**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-431">**4 Participants**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-432">**5 Participants**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-432">**5 Participants**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-433">**6 Participants**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-433">**6 Participants**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-434">**Resoluciones máx. recibidas**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-434">**Max resolutions received**</span></span> <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-435">1920x1080</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-435">1920x1080</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-436">1280x720</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-436">1280x720</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-437">640x360</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-437">640x360</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-438">640x360 320x240</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-438">640x360 320x240</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-439">640x360 320x240</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-439">640x360 320x240</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-440">**Velocidad de bits media total**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-440">**Total average bit rate**</span></span> <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-441">2128</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-441">2128</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-442">4050</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-442">4050</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-443">1304</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-443">1304</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-444">1224</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-444">1224</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-445">1565</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-445">1565</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-446">**Velocidad de bits máxima total**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-446">**Total Maximum bit rate**</span></span> <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-447">4063</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-447">4063</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-448">5890</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-448">5890</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-449">2860</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-449">2860</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-450">2699</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-450">2699</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-451">3017</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-451">3017</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p128">El ancho de banda de secuencia típico para los vídeos panorámicos se basa en los dispositivos que solo transmiten en secuencias un vídeo panorámico de hasta 960 x 144. Tenga en cuenta que el ancho de banda de secuencia típico puede aumentar al utilizar dispositivos con un vídeo panorámico de 1920 x 288.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p128">The typical stream bandwidth for panoramic video is based on devices that only stream up to 960x144 panoramic video. Expect the typical stream bandwidth to increase when using devices with 1920x288 panoramic video.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-454">**Audio Capacity Planning for PSTN**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-454">**Audio Capacity Planning for PSTN**</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-455">**Media**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-455">**Media**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-456">**Typical codec**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-456">**Typical codec**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-457">**Typical stream bandwidth (Kbps)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-457">**Typical stream bandwidth (Kbps)**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-458">**Maximum stream bandwidth without FEC**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-458">**Maximum stream bandwidth without FEC**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-459">**Maximum stream bandwidth with FEC**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-459">**Maximum stream bandwidth with FEC**</span></span>|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-460">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-460">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-461">G.711 (this includes PSTN participants in conferences)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-461">G.711 (this includes PSTN participants in conferences)</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-462">64.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-462">64.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-463">97</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-463">97</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-464">161</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-464">161</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-465">Audio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-465">Audio</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-466">Banda estrecha de RTAudio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-466">RTAudio Narrowband</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-467">30.9</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-467">30.9</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-468">44.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-468">44.8</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-469">56.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-469">56.6</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-470">Las cifras de ancho de banda de red de estas tablas representan solamente tráfico unidireccional; incluyen 5 Kpbs para sobrecarga de tráfico RTPC de cada secuencia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-470">The network bandwidth numbers in these tables represent one-way traffic only and include 5 Kbps for RTCP traffic overhead for each stream.</span></span> 
  
## <a name="managing-quality-of-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-471">Administración de la Calidad de servicio (QoS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-471">Managing Quality of Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-472"><a name="man_QOS"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-472"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p129">La calidad de servicio (QoS) es una tecnología de red que usan algunas organizaciones para ofrecer una experiencia de usuario final óptima para las comunicaciones de audio y vídeo. QoS se usa principalmente en las redes en las que el ancho de banda es limitado. Como hay una gran cantidad de paquetes de red compitiendo por una cantidad relativamente pequeña de ancho de banda disponible, la calidad de servicio permite a los administradores asignar prioridades más altas a los paquetes que contienen datos de audio o vídeo. Al asignar una prioridad más alta a estos paquetes, las comunicaciones de audio y vídeo probablemente se completen con mayor rapidez y con menos interrupciones que las sesiones de red que incluyen transferencias de archivos, exploración web o copias de seguridad de bases de datos. Esto se debe a que se asigna una prioridad de "mejor esfuerzo" a los paquetes de red usados para las transferencias de archivos o las copias de seguridad de bases de datos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p129">Quality of Service (QoS) is a networking technology that is used in some organizations to help provide an optimal end-user experience for audio and video communications. QoS is most frequently used on networks where bandwidth is limited: with a large number of network packets competing for a fairly small amount of available bandwidth, QoS enables administrators to assign higher priorities to packets carrying audio or video data. By giving these packets a higher priority, audio and video communications are likely to complete faster, and with less interruption, than network sessions involving things such as file transfers, web browsing, or database backups. That's because network packets used for file transfers or database backups are assigned a "best effort" priority.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-p130">Como regla general, la QoS se aplica solamente a las sesiones de comunicación de la red interna. Al implementar la QoS necesita configurar los servidores y los enrutadores para que admitan el marcado de paquetes de un modo especial que puede que no se admita en Internet o en otras redes. Incluso si la calidad de servicio se admite en otras redes, no existe ninguna garantía de que se configure de la misma manera que configuró el servicio. Si utiliza MPLS tendrá que colaborar junto con su proveedor de MPLS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-p130">As a rule, QoS applies only to communication sessions on your internal network. When you implement QoS, you configure your servers and routers to support packet marking in a particular manner that may not be supported on the Internet or on other networks. Even if Quality if Service is supported on other networks, there is no guarantee that QoS will be configured in exactly the same way you configured the service. If you are using MPLS, you'll need to work with your MPLS provider.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-481">Skype for Business Server does not require QoS, but it is strongly recommended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-481">Skype for Business Server does not require QoS, but it is strongly recommended.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-482">If you experience packet loss issues on the network your available solutions are to add more bandwidth or to implement QoS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-482">If you experience packet loss issues on the network your available solutions are to add more bandwidth or to implement QoS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-483">Si no puede agregar más ancho de banda, la implementación de la QoS puede ser la única solución al problema.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-483">If adding more bandwidth is not possible, then implementing QoS might be your only toll to resolve the problem.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-484">Skype for Business Server offers full support for QoS: that means that organizations that are already using QoS can easily integrate Skype for Business Server into their existing network infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-484">Skype for Business Server offers full support for QoS: that means that organizations that are already using QoS can easily integrate Skype for Business Server into their existing network infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-485">Para ello, es necesario llevar a cabo los siguientes pasos:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-485">To do this you must follow these steps:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-486">[Enabling QoS for Non-Windows Devices](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/26f793df-aef8-4028-9e3b-6c2c37ea61b9.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-486">[Enabling QoS for Non-Windows Devices](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/26f793df-aef8-4028-9e3b-6c2c37ea61b9.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-487">De forma predeterminada, la QoS está deshabilitada en los equipos y otros dispositivos (como iPhone) que ejecutan otros sistemas operativos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-487">By default, QoS is disabled for computers and other devices (such as iPhones) that run other operating systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-488">Although you can use Skype for Business Server to enable and disable QoS for devices, you typically can't use the product to change the DSCP codes used by these devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-488">Although you can use Skype for Business Server to enable and disable QoS for devices, you typically can't use the product to change the DSCP codes used by these devices.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-489">[Configuring Port Ranges for Your Conferencing, Application, and Mediation Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/4d6eaa5d-0127-453f-be6a-e55384772d83.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-489">[Configuring Port Ranges for Your Conferencing, Application, and Mediation Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/4d6eaa5d-0127-453f-be6a-e55384772d83.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-490">Es preciso reservar un conjunto único de puertos para distintos tipos de paquetes, como paquetes de audio y vídeo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-490">You must reserve a unique set of ports for different packet types, such as audio and video.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-491">By using Skype for Business Server you do not enable or disable QoS by setting a property value to True or to False.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-491">By using Skype for Business Server you do not enable or disable QoS by setting a property value to True or to False.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-492">En su lugar, la calidad de servicio se habilita al configurar intervalos de puertos y al crear y aplicar posteriormente una directiva de grupo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-492">Instead, you enable QoS by configuring port ranges and then creating and applying Group Policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-493">If you later decide not to use QoS you can "disable" QoS by removing the appropriate Group Policy objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-493">If you later decide not to use QoS you can "disable" QoS by removing the appropriate Group Policy objects.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-494">[Configuring Port Ranges for Your Edge Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/6f0ae442-6624-4e3f-849a-5b9e387fb8cf.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-494">[Configuring Port Ranges for Your Edge Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/6f0ae442-6624-4e3f-849a-5b9e387fb8cf.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-495">Aunque no es un requisito, puede configurar los servidores perimetrales para que usen los mismos intervalos de puertos que los otros servidores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-495">Although not required, you can configure your Edge servers to use the same port ranges as your other servers.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-496">[Configuring Port Ranges for Your Microsoft Lync Clients](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/287d5cea-7ada-461c-9b4a-9da2af315e71.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-496">[Configuring Port Ranges for Your Microsoft Lync Clients](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/287d5cea-7ada-461c-9b4a-9da2af315e71.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-497">Estos intervalos de puertos solo se aplican a equipos cliente y, por lo general, no son los mismos que los intervalos de puertos configurados en los servidores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-497">These port ranges apply only to client computers and are typically different from the port ranges configured on your servers.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-498">[Configuring a Quality of Service Policy for Your Conferencing, Application, and Mediation Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/8adcbbc5-c9f5-476d-ab7f-72e61859cacf.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-498">[Configuring a Quality of Service Policy for Your Conferencing, Application, and Mediation Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/8adcbbc5-c9f5-476d-ab7f-72e61859cacf.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-499">Estas directivas determinan los códigos DSCP que se aplican a diferentes tipos de paquetes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-499">These policies determine the DSCP codes applied to different packet types.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-500">[Configuring a Quality of Service Policy for Your A/V Edge Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/119ee1f5-45b9-40ba-98e5-c694dd2fc5c2.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-500">[Configuring a Quality of Service Policy for Your A/V Edge Servers](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/119ee1f5-45b9-40ba-98e5-c694dd2fc5c2.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-501">This should only be done for the internal side of your Edge servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-501">This should only be done for the internal side of your Edge servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-502">That's because QoS is designed for use on your internal network and not on the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-502">That's because QoS is designed for use on your internal network and not on the Internet.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-503">[Configuring Peer-to-Peer Quality of Service Policies for Clients Running on Windows 7 or Windows 8](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/efff2b98-b3fb-4183-a4f0-329a9105ce2c.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-503">[Configuring Peer-to-Peer Quality of Service Policies for Clients Running on Windows 7 or Windows 8](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/efff2b98-b3fb-4183-a4f0-329a9105ce2c.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-504">Note that Skype for Business Server does not support QoS for other Windows operating systems, such as Windows Vista or Windows XP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-504">Note that Skype for Business Server does not support QoS for other Windows operating systems, such as Windows Vista or Windows XP.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-505">[Configuring Quality of Service on Microsoft Lync Phone Edition Devices](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/a6eb2620-a512-4ab6-bdfd-eb76be43bbfe.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-505">[Configuring Quality of Service on Microsoft Lync Phone Edition Devices](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/a6eb2620-a512-4ab6-bdfd-eb76be43bbfe.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-506">By default, QoS is enabled for Lync Phone Edition devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-506">By default, QoS is enabled for Lync Phone Edition devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-507">Pero, tal vez desee cambiar el valor predeterminado de DSCP a fin de garantizar que todos los paquetes de audio de la organización usen el mismo código DSCP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-507">You might want to change the default DSCP value to guarantee that all audio packets in your organization use the same DSCP code.</span></span>
    
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-508">If you are using Windows Server 2012 or Windows Server 2012 R2 you might be interested in the new set of Windows PowerShell cmdlets available for managing QoS on that platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-508">If you are using Windows Server 2012 or Windows Server 2012 R2 you might be interested in the new set of Windows PowerShell cmdlets available for managing QoS on that platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-509">For more information, see [Network QoS Cmdlets in Windows PowerShell](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285379).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-509">For more information, see [Network QoS Cmdlets in Windows PowerShell](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285379).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-510">QoS is also discussed in the whitepaper [Network Planning, Monitoring, and Troubleshooting with Lync Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=39084) with additional details and depth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-510">QoS is also discussed in the whitepaper [Network Planning, Monitoring, and Troubleshooting with Lync Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=39084) with additional details and depth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1eac5-511">While the content refers explicitly to Lync 2010 and Lync 2013, the considerations for Skype for Business Server 2015 are unchanged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-511">While the content refers explicitly to Lync 2010 and Lync 2013, the considerations for Skype for Business Server 2015 are unchanged.</span></span>
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="1eac5-512">Vea también</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-512">See also</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-513"><a name="man_QOS"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-513"></span></span>

#### 

[<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-514">Plan for IPv6 in Skype for Business</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-514">Plan for IPv6 in Skype for Business</span></span>](ipv6.md)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-515">Load balancing requirements for Skype for Business</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-515">Load balancing requirements for Skype for Business</span></span>](load-balancing.md)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-516">DNS requirements for Skype for Business Server 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-516">DNS requirements for Skype for Business Server 2015</span></span>](dns.md)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="1eac5-517">Port and protocol requirements for servers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1eac5-517">Port and protocol requirements for servers</span></span>](ports-and-protocols.md)

