---
title: Cómo usar la autenticación moderna (ADAL) con Skype Empresarial
ms.author: heidip
author: microsoftheidi
manager: serdars
ms.date: 2/13/2018
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: skype-for-business-itpro
localization_priority: Normal
ms.collection: IT_Skype16
ms.assetid: 5ca71746-ead6-4e8c-90b1-461e846d1f4a
description: This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.
ms.openlocfilehash: efd0e35ce92143e9fb5fda03301eb51d2926c979
ms.sourcegitcommit: 7d819bc9eb63bfd85f5dada09f1b8e5354c56f6b
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 03/28/2018
---
# <a name="how-to-use-modern-authentication-adal-with-skype-for-business"></a><span data-ttu-id="c9017-103">Cómo usar la autenticación moderna (ADAL) con Skype Empresarial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-103">How to use Modern Authentication (ADAL) with Skype for Business</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-104">This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-104">This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
  
## <a name="whats-in-this-article"></a><span data-ttu-id="c9017-105">¿Qué se incluye en este artículo?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-105">What's in this article?</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="c9017-106">¿Qué es ADAL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-106">What is ADAL?</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_ADAL)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="c9017-107">Configurar ADAL en su grupo y configurar ADFS como un servidor de token de seguridad</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-107">Configure ADAL in your pool and set ADFS as security token server</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Config)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="c9017-108">Otras opciones para habilitar el inicio de sesión de ADAL (como aplicaciones cliente de Office)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-108">Other Options for Enabling ADAL sign-in (like Office client apps)</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Options)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="c9017-109">Clientes en los que no se admite la autenticación moderna / ADAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-109">Clients where Modern Authentication / ADAL isn't Supported</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Support)
  
## <a name="what-is-adal"></a><span data-ttu-id="c9017-110">¿Qué es ADAL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-110">What is ADAL?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-111"><a name="BKMK_ADAL"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-111"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c9017-112">ADAL es el acrónimo de "Biblioteca de autenticación de Active Directory" y, junto con OAuth 2.0, es fundamental en la autenticación moderna.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-112">ADAL is the acronym for the 'Active Directory Authentication Library', and, along with OAuth 2.0, it is an underpinning of Modern Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-113">This code library is designed to make secured resources in your directory available to client applications (like Skype for Business) via security tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-113">This code library is designed to make secured resources in your directory available to client applications (like Skype for Business) via security tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-114">ADAL funciona con OAuth 2.0 para permitir más escenarios de autorización y autenticación, como la autenticación multifactor (MFA) y más formas de autenticación SAML.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-114">ADAL works with OAuth 2.0 to enable more authentication and authorization scenarios, like Multi-factor Authentication (MFA), and more forms of SAML Auth.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-115">Varias aplicaciones que actúan como clientes pueden aprovecharse de la autenticación moderna para obtener recursos protegidos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-115">A variety of apps that act as clients can leverage Modern Authentication for help in getting to secured resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-116">In Skype for Business Server 2015, this technology is used between on-premises clients and on-premises servers in order to give users a proper level of authorization to resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-116">In Skype for Business Server 2015, this technology is used between on-premises clients and on-premises servers in order to give users a proper level of authorization to resources.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-117">Las conversaciones de autenticación moderna (que se basan en ADAL y OAuth 2.0) tienen algunos elementos en común.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-117">Modern Authentication conversations (which are based on ADAL and OAuth 2.0) have some elements in common.</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-118">There is a client making a request for a resource, in this case, the client is Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-118">There is a client making a request for a resource, in this case, the client is Skype for Business.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-119">There is a resource to which the client needs a specific level of access, and this resource is secured by a directory service, in this case the resource is Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-119">There is a resource to which the client needs a specific level of access, and this resource is secured by a directory service, in this case the resource is Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-120">There is an OAuth connection, in other words, a connection that is dedicated to  *authorizing*  a user to access a resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-120">There is an OAuth connection, in other words, a connection that is dedicated to  *authorizing*  a user to access a resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-121">(OAuth también se conoce por el nombre descriptivo, autenticación "de servidor a servidor" y, a menudo, aparece abreviado como S2S).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-121">(OAuth is also known by the more descriptive name, 'Server-to-Server' auth, and is often abbreviated as S2S.)</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-122">In Skype for Business Server 2015 Modern Authentication (ADAL) conversations, Skype for Business Server 2015 communicates through ADFS (ADFS 3.0 in Windows Server 2012 R2).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-122">In Skype for Business Server 2015 Modern Authentication (ADAL) conversations, Skype for Business Server 2015 communicates through ADFS (ADFS 3.0 in Windows Server 2012 R2).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-123">La autenticación puede ocurrir con otro proveedor de identidades (IdP), pero el servidor de Skype Empresarial necesita configurarse para poder comunicarse directamente con ADFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-123">The authentication may happen using some other Identity Provider (IdP), but Skype for Business server needs to be configured to communicate with ADFS, directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-124">If you haven't configured ADFS to work with Skype for Business Server 2015 please complete the [ADFS installation](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/adfs2-step-by-step-guides%28v=ws.10%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-124">If you haven't configured ADFS to work with Skype for Business Server 2015 please complete the [ADFS installation](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/adfs2-step-by-step-guides%28v=ws.10%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-125">ADAL is included in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015, and the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business **must** be installed and is needed for successful configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-125">ADAL is included in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015, and the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business **must** be installed and is needed for successful configuration.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-126">Con la versión inicial, la autenticación moderna en un entorno local solo se admite si no existe una topología combinada de Skype.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-126">During the initial release, Modern Authentication in an on-premises environment is supported only if there is no mixed Skype topology involved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-127">For example, if the environment is purely Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-127">For example, if the environment is purely Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-128">Esta instrucción puede estar vinculada a cambios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-128">This statement may be subject to change.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-129">Debe descargarse un paquete de PowerShell que incluye archivos .ps1 con los comandos que usa ADAL para obtener una configuración correcta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-129">A PowerShell package including .ps1 files with the commands used by ADAL must be downloaded for successful configuration.</span></span>
  
### <a name="configure-adal-in-your-pool-and-set-adfs-as-security-token-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="c9017-130">Configurar ADAL en su grupo y configurar ADFS como un servidor de token de seguridad</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-130">Configure ADAL in your pool and set ADFS as security token server</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-131"><a name="BKMK_Config"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-131"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c9017-132">In this process, you connect your installation of ADFS to a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool that is configured for ADAL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-132">In this process, you connect your installation of ADFS to a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool that is configured for ADAL.</span></span>
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-133">Install the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015 to your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-133">Install the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015 to your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-134">(Programe la ventana de mantenimiento, según sus necesidades, para ejecutar Windows Update para la instalación automática).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-134">(Schedule maintenance windows, as needed, to run Windows Update for the automatic installation.)</span></span>
    
2. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-135">On your on-premises ADFS server(s), [download](https://aka.ms/sfbadalscripts) the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-135">On your on-premises ADFS server(s), [download](https://aka.ms/sfbadalscripts) the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-136">(Esto debe realizarse por cada granja de servidores de ADFS o servidores independientes de ADFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-136">(This needs to be done per ADFS farm or independent ADFS server(s).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-137">No es necesario realizarlo en proxy o proxies ADFS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-137">It does not need to be done on ADFS Proxy or proxies).</span></span>
    
3. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-138">Make a note of the internal and external Web Service fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) for your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-138">Make a note of the internal and external Web Service fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) for your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-139">Esto debe realizarse para todos los grupos de Skype Empresarial.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-139">This needs to be done for all the Skype for Business Pools.</span></span>
    
4. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-p109">Desde PowerShell en los servidores de ADFS, ejecute el script Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB. Necesitará escribir las direcciones URL adecuadas para los FQDN de servicios web externos e internos. Aquí se muestra un ejemplo:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-p109">From PowerShell on the ADFS Server(s), run the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB. You will need to enter the proper URLs for the internal and external Web Service FQDNs. Here's an example:</span></span>
    
     `Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB.ps1 -poolIDs https://contosoSkype.contoso.com,https://contoso01Skype.contosoIn.com`
    
    <span data-ttu-id="c9017-143">For any additional pools, you will need to add the Pool Web Services URLs manually to the Skype for Business Server 2015 Relying Party Trust in ADFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-143">For any additional pools, you will need to add the Pool Web Services URLs manually to the Skype for Business Server 2015 Relying Party Trust in ADFS.</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="c9017-144">No es posible usar a la vez ADAL y la autenticación pasiva para un grupo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-144">It isn't possible to use Passive Authentication for a Pool and also use ADAL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-145">Para poder usar ADAL, debe deshabilitar la autenticación pasiva.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-145">You must disable Passive Authentication in order to use ADAL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-146">For PowerShell cmdlets on how to set authentication for a Pool see [this](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg398396.aspx) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-146">For PowerShell cmdlets on how to set authentication for a Pool see [this](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg398396.aspx) article.</span></span>
  
    > [!TIP]
    > <span data-ttu-id="c9017-147">If you have additional pools you need to add them as [Identifiers](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg557759%28v=ws.10%29.aspx) to the Relying Party Trust in ADFS.> Go to your ADFS server and open ADFS Management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-147">If you have additional pools you need to add them as [Identifiers](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg557759%28v=ws.10%29.aspx) to the Relying Party Trust in ADFS.> Go to your ADFS server and open ADFS Management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-148">Expand Trust Relationships \> Relying Party Trusts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-148">Expand Trust Relationships \> Relying Party Trusts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-149">Right-click the Relying Party Trust that's listed and right-click for Properties \> Identifiers \> type the additional Pool URL(s) \> click Add.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-149">Right-click the Relying Party Trust that's listed and right-click for Properties \> Identifiers \> type the additional Pool URL(s) \> click Add.</span></span> 
  
5. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-150">Return to your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-150">Return to your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-151">From here you must run cmdlets that create an OAuth server and modify that OAuth configuration to work with Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-151">From here you must run cmdlets that create an OAuth server and modify that OAuth configuration to work with Skype for Business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-152">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-152">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-153">Aquí se muestra un ejemplo:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-153">Here is an example:</span></span>
    
     `New-CsOAuthServer -Identity sts.contosoIn.com -Type ADFS -MetadataURL https://sts.contosoIn.com/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml`
    
    > [!TIP]
    > <span data-ttu-id="c9017-154">The 'Identity' URL you see in this command is actually the ADFS Federation Service Name you can see in ADFS Management when you right-click Service \> Properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-154">The 'Identity' URL you see in this command is actually the ADFS Federation Service Name you can see in ADFS Management when you right-click Service \> Properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-155">The 'Type' is always ADFS, and the 'MetadataURL' is always \<Your ADFS service name\> + "/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-155">The 'Type' is always ADFS, and the 'MetadataURL' is always \<Your ADFS service name\> + "/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml".</span></span> 
  
     `Set-CsOAuthConfiguration -ClientAuthorizationOAuthServerIdentity sts.contosoIn.com`
    
6. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-156">Still on your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server, test the new configuration by entering the SIP address of a user and the pool FQDN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-156">Still on your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server, test the new configuration by entering the SIP address of a user and the pool FQDN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-157">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-157">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-158">Aquí se muestra un ejemplo:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-158">This is an example:</span></span>
    
     `Test-CsRegistration -UserSipAddress AyakaY@contosoIns.com -TargetFqdn Pool1.contoso.com -Authentication OAuthInteractive`
    
7. <span data-ttu-id="c9017-p115">Cuando se le solicite, escriba las credenciales del usuario de prueba. Compruebe que la prueba se completa correctamente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-p115">When prompted, be sure to enter the credentials of the test user. Verify that the test completes successfully.</span></span>
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > <span data-ttu-id="c9017-161">When your STS URL resolves to ADFS  *internally*  , the prompt you will see will be a **Windows Security** prompt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-161">When your STS URL resolves to ADFS  *internally*  , the prompt you will see will be a **Windows Security** prompt.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-162">Si la dirección URL se resuelve externamente, verá un aviso denominado **Iniciar sesión**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-162">If the URL resolves externally, you'll see a prompt named **Sign in**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-163">Normalmente, querríamos un aviso de **Seguridad de Windows** aquí.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-163">Typically, we would want a **Windows Security** prompt here.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-164">Tenga en cuenta que este comportamiento cambia, particularmente si ha implementado la Autenticación basada en formularios (FBA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-164">Note that this behaviour varies, particularly if you implemented Forms-Based Authentication (or FBA).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-p117">Además, tenga en cuenta que cuando la dirección URL de STS se resuelve como un servidor interno de ADFS y la autenticación integrada de Windows está habilitada en los exploradores, pueden producirse errores de autenticación en los equipos donde muchos usuarios diferentes inician sesión en aplicaciones cliente, a no ser que el explorador esté configurado explícitamente para solicitar las credenciales a los usuarios en una zona de seguridad del explorador determinada. Por ejemplo, piense en un quiosco. La cuenta con sesión iniciada en el sistema operativo puede ser diferente que la cuenta de usuario con sesión iniciada en el cliente de Skype Empresarial. Si este es el caso, consulte los errores que se describen aquí.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-p117">Also be aware, when the STS URL resolves to an internal ADFS server and Windows Integrated authentication is enabled in browsers, computers where many different users sign in to client applications may have failures to authenticate unless the browser is explicitly configured to prompt users for their credentials in a given browser Security Zone. Think of a kiosk as an example. The account that is logged in to the Operating System may be different than the user account logging into the Skype for Business client. If this is the case, you may see the failures described here.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-169">You can see and change this browser setting in Internet Explorer by clicking \> Tools (or the Gear) \> Internet Options \> Security tab \> and the Security Zone (such as Local Intranet).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-169">You can see and change this browser setting in Internet Explorer by clicking \> Tools (or the Gear) \> Internet Options \> Security tab \> and the Security Zone (such as Local Intranet).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-170">Desde este cuadro de diálogo, haga clic en el botón Nivel personalizado y desplácese al final de la lista del cuadro de diálogo Configuración.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-170">From this dialog, click the Custom level button and scroll to the end of the list in the Settings dialog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-171">Under User Authentication \> Login \> you'll see an option to 'Prompt for user name and password'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-171">Under User Authentication \> Login \> you'll see an option to 'Prompt for user name and password'.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-172">Si tiene quioscos en los que el usuario que inicia el cliente de Skype Empresarial es diferente (tiene una cuenta diferente) del usuario que ha iniciado sesión en el equipo, quizás le interese establecer esta opción en "ACTIVADO" para estas máquinas de la directiva de grupo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-172">If you have kiosks where the user who starts the Skype for Business client is different (has a different account) from the user logged into the computer, you may want to test setting this option to 'ON' for these machines in a Group Policy.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-173">Por último y muy importante, tal vez experimente más de un aviso ya que el sistema de seguridad recopila la información que necesita para autenticar o autorizar la cuenta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-173">Finally, and importantly, you may experience more than one prompt as the security system collects the information it needs to authenticate or authorize your account.</span></span>
    
### <a name="other-options-for-enabling-adal-sign-in-like-office-client-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="c9017-174">Otras opciones para habilitar el inicio de sesión de ADAL (como aplicaciones cliente de Office)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-174">Other Options for Enabling ADAL sign-in (like Office client apps)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-175"><a name="BKMK_Options"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-175"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c9017-176">Now that ADAL is configured for your Skype for Business and (automatically) for Office 2016 client apps across platforms, you may want to leverage it for Exchange Online (where it is not 'On' by default), or in Office 2013 clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-176">Now that ADAL is configured for your Skype for Business and (automatically) for Office 2016 client apps across platforms, you may want to leverage it for Exchange Online (where it is not 'On' by default), or in Office 2013 clients.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-177">¿Necesita saber qué esperar de los inicios de sesión con autenticación moderna de sus aplicaciones cliente?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-177">Need to know what to expect from Modern Authentication sign-ins from your client apps?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-178">Take a look at [How modern authentication works for Office 2013 and Office 2016 client apps](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/How-modern-authentication-works-for-Office-2013-and-Office-2016-client-apps-e4c45989-4b1a-462e-a81b-2a13191cf517?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-178">Take a look at [How modern authentication works for Office 2013 and Office 2016 client apps](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/How-modern-authentication-works-for-Office-2013-and-Office-2016-client-apps-e4c45989-4b1a-462e-a81b-2a13191cf517?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-179">To turn Modern Authentication on for Exchange Online, you'll need to run some PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-179">To turn Modern Authentication on for Exchange Online, you'll need to run some PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-180">In the case of Office 2013 client apps, you will need to change some registry keys on client machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-180">In the case of Office 2013 client apps, you will need to change some registry keys on client machines.</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-181">Connect to Exchange Online and run the following cmdlets:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-181">Connect to Exchange Online and run the following cmdlets:</span></span>
    
     `Set-OrganizationConfig -OAuth2ClientProfileEnabled:$true`
    
     `Get-OrganizationConfig | ft name, *OAuth*`
    
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-182">Establezca estas claves del registro para cada dispositivo o equipo en el que quiera habilitar la autenticación moderna.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-182">Set these registry keys for every device or computer on which you want to enable Modern Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-183">Necesitará un GPO para organizaciones más grandes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-183">You will need a GPO in larger organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-184">For information on how to make a GPO, see the 'Create a Group Policy Object to modify the registry on a domain joined computer' of [this ](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Switching-between-the-Skype-for-Business-and-the-Lync-client-user-interfaces-a2394a4c-7522-484c-a047-7b3289742be0)article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-184">For information on how to make a GPO, see the 'Create a Group Policy Object to modify the registry on a domain joined computer' of [this ](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Switching-between-the-Skype-for-Business-and-the-Lync-client-user-interfaces-a2394a4c-7522-484c-a047-7b3289742be0)article.</span></span>
    
||||
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="c9017-185">Clave del registro</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-185">Registry Key</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="c9017-186">Tipo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-186">Type</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="c9017-187">Valor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-187">Value</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="c9017-188">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-188">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="c9017-189">REG_DWORD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-189">REG_DWORD</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="c9017-190">1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-190">1</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="c9017-191">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\Version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-191">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\Version</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="c9017-192">REG_DWORD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-192">REG_DWORD</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="c9017-193">1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-193">1</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-194">Once these keys are set, set your Office 2013 apps to [use Multifactor Authentication (MFA) with Office 365](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Set-up-multi-factor-authentication-for-Office-365-8f0454b2-f51a-4d9c-bcde-2c48e41621c6?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-194">Once these keys are set, set your Office 2013 apps to [use Multifactor Authentication (MFA) with Office 365](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Set-up-multi-factor-authentication-for-Office-365-8f0454b2-f51a-4d9c-bcde-2c48e41621c6?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span></span>
  
> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-195">To disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2013, set the HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL registry key to a value of zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-195">To disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2013, set the HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL registry key to a value of zero.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c9017-196">Be aware that a similar Registry key (HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\ **16.0** \Common\Identity\EnableADAL) can also be used to disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2016.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-196">Be aware that a similar Registry key (HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\ **16.0** \Common\Identity\EnableADAL) can also be used to disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2016.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clients-where-modern-authentication--adal-isnt-supported"></a><span data-ttu-id="c9017-197">Clientes en los que no se admite la autenticación moderna / ADAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-197">Clients where Modern Authentication / ADAL isn't Supported</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c9017-198"><a name="BKMK_Support"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-198"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c9017-p123">Algunas versiones de cliente no admiten OAuth. Puede comprobar su versión de cliente de Office en la ventana de Agregar y quitar programas del Panel de control para comparar el número de versión de las versiones (o intervalos de versiones) enumeradas aquí:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-p123">Some client versions don't support OAuth. You can check your version of Office client in Control Panel where you Add and Remove programs in order to compare your version number to the versions (or ranges of versions) listed here:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-201">Office Client 15.0.[0000-4766].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-201">Office Client 15.0.[0000-4766].\*</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-202">Office Client 16.0.[0000-4293].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-202">Office Client 16.0.[0000-4293].\*</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-203">Cliente de Office 16.0.6001.[0000-1032]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-203">Office Client 16.0.6001.[0000-1032]</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="c9017-204">Office Client 16.0.[6000-6224].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c9017-204">Office Client 16.0.[6000-6224].\*</span></span>
    

